Fix deduplication of mags/attachments to scan for storage (#8981)
scalableminds/webknossos: unreleased_changes/8981.md

### Fixed

> - Fixed deduplication of storage scans for dataset mags & attachments used accross multiple organizations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a bug where storage scans for dataset mags & attachments used accross multiple organizations would count some paths twice.
```
